let go
Where are you? I already called for you.
Why the hell do I have feelings for him?
barley
How did you get hurt?
What about Qin Shiyu?
Yes, your good fiancé took him away.
What? Why didn't you stop me?
Didn't Qin Shiyu drink the drugged wine?
Didn't get it done
It's not that you divide so much in one breath
I'll fight him first
Ah, do you see me like a bad guy?
Maybe they've already spent some time together
What you useless trash
Hurry up and find them
I will never allow a man to touch me in the dorm room
I'm useless, I'm doing all this for you
Now I'm hurt and you're not good to me
don't ask
You said that if this Lin Chuan is our business
Guess if he will understand you
Girlfriend, what do you want?
Let me go close